[enocean] Improved device discovery and added SMACK capability (#10156) (#10157)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.enocean/README.md

If the actuator supports UTE teach-in, the corresponding thing can be created and paired automatically.
First you have to **start the discovery scan for a gateway**.
Then press the teach-in button of the actuator.
If the EEP of the actuator is known, the binding sends an UTE teach-in response with a new SenderId and creates a new thing with its channels.

This binding supports so called smart acknowlegde (SMACK) devices too.
Before you can pair a SMACK device you have to configure your gateway bridge as a SMACK postmaster.
If this option is enabled you can pair up to 20 SMACK devices with your gateway.

Communication between your gateway and a SMACK device is handled through mailboxes.
A mailbox is created for each paired SMACK device and deleted after teach out.
You can see the paired SMACK devices and their mailbox index in the gateway properties.
SMACK devices send periodically status updates followed by a response request.
Whenever such a request is received a `requestAnswer` event is triggered for channel `statusRequestEvent`.
Afterwards you have 100ms time to recalculate your items states and update them.

> A message with the updated item states is build, put into the corresponding mailbox and automatically send upon request of the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A message with the updated item states is built, put into the corresponding mailbox and automatically sent upon request of the device.
```

Author: 👍 fixed
